So after deploying your verbs in your environment one of the requirements of using de Vere ups in the
real environment is to leave the ropes working in that environment at least 13 days more times develop
work more useful that I will get.
Of course if you just On-Star developed today and the next day try to check the statute Virata all the
data that you will get.
It's not very accurate it Durrett environment.
It's just our preview information that you get much.
The most important of course you don't need to take any action from those that are out to begin because
it is just temporary not a very important data.
So for that it is always recommended to leave the Viret walk in your environment at least 13 day or
two more will be more good.
So when you leave your stops working for at least 13 days or 15 or 16 days after That's when your visit
overtops you will get useful data about your environment.
The action that necessity.
And so on and so on.
So for that in our home lab we can't do it because our home lab is just for the record.
Also the difference between machine and the horse not used by anyone it just you do what it them.
So the statue or the rocks will not be very important for me or for the purpose.
So for that I get to just some examples from the Internet.
So when you leave your apps after 13 or 14 days then you check do their ops that you will get a page
like this one.
Of course this one is not division of the.
Don't you want have some change.
That is what but just to get the idea he gave you the health of your environment like this one right
here.
If you get all the squar at greened that's me your environment is very good.
It's a healthy environment.
If you get some yellow color that's mean you have some warning or some issues are a small issue in your
environment.
Then when you get the Red Square it's a critical odor in your environment.
You need to take action.
Then when you put the mouse in any of the square it show you are about the issues or the objects in
your environment that have a problem or it is working in a good state then you simply click on any of
those Red Square to get the details about the issue.
The critical issue or the warning or the immediate etc. then you get some requirement to fix that problem.
For example if we check this one you right there environment health alert.
Then we have health alert for dissent.
Then log on to your client or visit web client and manually reconnected the hosted Center after the
connection to the host is restored by voice the server.
The other two were to be cancelled but many did take it that a host is not connected to the center so
it's give you are critical alert.
Then we have some other writers storage performance 5.5.
Environment zero recommendation not accommodation available.
Then we have a problem with V Center component environment recommendation to resolve the problem depend
on the specific projects that cause default view etc..
Then of course you have some on battlement risk then Environment efficiency it'll give you all some
requirements are going right.
Virtual Machine has Konik high speed work load loading superstrings 5 objects impacts one recommendation
add more capacity for this virtual machine then hide spew Mustapa D2 snapshots.
When you have a problem.
Our delivery does not stop to reduce the height stop C S DP value and increase virtual machine performance
console it is.
It is not dropped into demen vitriol.
My disk used a client to perform this operation and so on and so on.
Let me give you a problem that some virtual machines have are a high number order snapshot so it caused
the slow loading of the virtual machine.
So the requirement is to consolidate any old snapshots.
For example you have a better machine that have frequently not shot every one week or every two days
and the number of the snapshots in your machine is height.
So why do that.
Please check this virtual machine and try to consolidate any snapshot of weed consuming space and slow
loading of the virtual machine.
So there are a lot lot of other examples.
Virtual Machine has logic snapshot just what for example if the virtual machine has much of its natural
delays to all that not a lot.
Then another to sit down.
There are some other issues.
For example let's check this other image right here.
This is another view from a modern version of drops.
So you see the lost connectivity to the viewport.
The distributed port the host has lost the redundant connectivity to the port lets me disconnect from
one network adapter and have another one that still use it.
So it need do redundant.
Virtual Machine does continue his memory is causing stress.
I mean it's overload overloaded Adami.
The more memory fault is with your machine and of course drag the process of the drops.
You can configure developers to do it automatically so it detects a virtual machine have a high loading
of the memory you automatically try to add memory to this virtual machine.
Of course you need to have more free memory in your environment to do that and so on and so on.
Of course there are a lot lot of data useful data from the ropes for example an information about the
shared information about virtual machine about the hauz about the network.
About the.
About the height of ability.
Look a lot of information that you can get from drops.
So you see this fire hose of review.
This fear V.M. memory this fear VAMC Piru that when you take one of them and you get to say about virtual
machine C.P. disk and network and so on and so on.
So there are a lot of examples you can check in from Google or you can install drops in your environment
and start using it.
Also we have the virtual sign etc. Ald. information about the virtual sun and so on and so on.
So this is a quick overview about it.
Of course you need to give it a lot of time to get more data unfortunately the course is not about overtops
it will need a fart in your calls.
I will try to planning to carry it another course about props.
But for now this is the end of the school.
And if you want to know more about drops by your seat of course at the and of course you will be able
to do the jobs without any problem you already have to sit and knowledge about how VM will work.
You know any bank for example if you see about Demi Moore you didn't know how to do a memory of your
machine.
If you get a message about redundancy you know that it's information about the physical network adapter
and the connectivity.
We don't talk.
So you are ready to use develops without needing any video.
Tony Nichol's but in case you want to know more about it you can simply use the Web site of the web.
What is up.
Go right here you see some details about it how to get installed how its configuration how is it that
store etc..
There are some Isbel video right hand to get information about how to use the OPs a chicken in a small
VDU right here
to give you a demonstration with the dashboard so you click on this one.
That's it.
So next we see a quick overview about this video content in an online lock.
So soon the next big.